the Israeli Army deliberately targeted a
group of civilians in the entrance of
Alura School in jabal Refuge
camp and this
is the place which has been hit by the
Israeli forces by the way this is a a
bread
stand and people and civilians have been
hit while
buying bread from this mini store and
this is the entrance of Al school and by
the way this school used to shelter
thousands of Palestinian and this place
uh used to be a very bated H Street as
this is an evacuation Center and
thousands of people are using this place
as a
shelter
alaz jabalia refug Camp
Palestine make sure to subscribe to to
our channel to get the latest news from
Al jazer